#Beginning_LoreSuburbsHal

talk to{
	Hal: How's it going, Lore?
	$choice{
		Be friendly|
		Lore: I'm well, and you?
		$inc_loreMorality_1
		Hal: Good as I can be, with everything that has happened. You have heard about the kidnapping, right?

		Lore shook her head.

		Hal: It happened in the middle of the night. Someone broke into a home and stole the child right out of bed. The police won't release the name of the child or the family, but I've heard a few rumors. It's been days since the kid went missing. You know what that usually means. Still, I hope they find them soon.
		Lore: I hope so, too. I wish there was something I could do about it.
		Hal: I have a friend in the city whose in good standing with the government. He just returned from a research trip to the Wilderness. Maybe I can convince him to pull a few strings and get that kid home. You know how it is in the suburbs here. I'd be surprised if the police have even started looking.

		A timer begins to go off from Hal's house.

		Hal: Well, that's my oven. Let me know if you need anything, okay Lore? Anything!

		Hal runs back into his house.

		|Keep your distance|
		Lore: Okay.
		$inc_loreMorality_0
		Hal: I see. I suppose everyone is like that right now, considering the kidnapping.
		Lore: The kidnapping?
		Hal:  It happened in the middle of the night. Someone broke into a home and stole the child right out of bed. The police won't release the name of the child or the family, but I've heard a few rumors. It's been days since the kid went missing. You know what that usually means. Still, I hope they find them soon.
		Lore: Yeah.
		Hal: Well...I have a friend in the city whose in good standing with the government. He just returned from a research trip to the Wilderness. Maybe I can convince him to pull a few strings and get that kid home. You know how it is in the suburbs here. I'd be surprised if the police have even started looking.

		A timer begins to go off from Hal's house.

		Hal: Ah, my oven. I'll see you around.

		|Be rude|
		Lore: Why does it matter?
		$inc_loreMorality_-1
		Hal: Oh, uh, you're right. We should be more concerned about the kidnapping.
		Lore: What kidnapping?
		Hal: It happened in the middle of the night. Someone broke into a home and stole the child right out of bed. The police won't release the name of the child or the family, but I've heard a few rumors. It's been days since the kid went missing. You know what that usually means. Still, I hope they find them soon.

		Lore remains silent.

		Hal: I, uh, have a friend in the city whose in good standing with the government. He just returned from a research trip to the Wilderness. Maybe I can convince him to pull a few strings and get that kid home. You know how it is in the suburbs here. I'd be surprised if the police have even started looking.

		A timer begins to go off from Hal's house. He gives Lore a curt nod and leaves.
	}
	$set_talkedToHal_1
}
